README.md, before:

# Bridge of Dawn

*Bridge of Dawn* is a free, open-sourced 3D arcade/racing style game for Windows, OS X, and Linux. It is being created for 2021 Epic MegaJam by an all-female team from [Mama Makes Games](https://www.mamamakesgames.com): [Kimberly Blais](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) is doing the game's design, development, and art; [Erica Schroeder](https://www.ericaschroeder.com/) performed the voice acting; and Madame X is composing the game's music.

The source code and Unreal Engine 4 project for this game is available for free under the MIT Open Source license here at GitHub. You can download this project to learn how the game was made, make any changes you'd like, and then release your own version of the game! Just install [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com), clone this repository, and open the `BridgeOfDawn_UEProj.uproject` file to get started. If you're comfortable sharing, I'd love to know what you make with it, so send me an email at kim@mamamakesgames.com or let me know on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) with #bridgeofdawn. 

More information about the game can be found at http://www.bridgeofdawn.com 

## Download and Play

*The game is currently in very early development, but I'll upload a playable release in a few days.* You'll find playable releases [here on GitHub](https://github.com/mamamakesgames/bridgeofdawn/releases/) or at [Itch.Io](https://mama-makes-games.itch.io/bridge-of-dawn).

## Features

- Exciting arcade-style gameplay featuring one- and two-player support, with two different multiplayer modes
- Easy-to-learn, hard-to-master action with shareable score/time screenshots for bragging rights
- A fun fairytale-like story drawn from the fantasy world of the [Isle of Mist](https://www.thelostweld.com)
- Animated cutscenes with voice-acting by professional voice actor [Erica Schroeder](https://www.ericaschroeder.com/)
- Available in English, Spanish, and Chinese, with full translation of subtitles and user interface
- Dynamic music that adapts to your progress and performance
- Highly scalable graphics with NVidia Real-Time Ray Tracing (RTRT) support
- Created by an all-female team led by [Kimberly Blais](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) from [Mama Makes Games](https://www.mamamakesgames.com)
- Available for completely free to download, play, and modify however you'd like

## Current Progress Update (2021-08-30)

- Script... **done**.
- Vocal recordings... **done**.
- Subtitles... **done**.
- Menu systems... **done**.
- Localization... **done**.
- Player locomotion... **done**.
- HUD... **done**.
- Waypoint system... **done**.
- Scoring/results... **done**.
- Dynamic music system... **done**.
- Enemy AI... **done**.
- Cinematics... *in progress*
- Manual translation into Chinese and Spanish... *in progress*
- Level design... *coming soon*
- "Tag" mode... *coming soon*

Commit message:

Fixed import issue
This is the version that was uploaded to the MegaJam yesterday. I ran into a problem trying to upload the Project Nature spruce as the textures exceeded the GitHub file limit, so these have been omitted. This is all okay, however, as I'm going to switch to some improved foliage with the next iteration in any case. :smile:

README.md, after:

# Bridge of Dawn

*Bridge of Dawn* is a free, open-sourced 3D arcade/racing style game for Windows, OS X, and Linux. It is being created for 2021 Epic MegaJam by an all-female team from [Mama Makes Games](https://www.mamamakesgames.com): [Kimberly Blais](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) is doing the game's design, development, and art; [Erica Schroeder](https://www.ericaschroeder.com/) performed the voice acting; and Madame X is composing the game's music.

The source code and Unreal Engine 4 project for this game is available for free under the MIT Open Source license here at GitHub. You can download this project to learn how the game was made, make any changes you'd like, and then release your own version of the game! Just install [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com), clone this repository, and open the `BridgeOfDawn_UEProj.uproject` file to get started. If you're comfortable sharing, I'd love to know what you make with it, so send me an email at kim@mamamakesgames.com or let me know on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) with #bridgeofdawn. 

More information about the game can be found at http://www.bridgeofdawn.com 

## Download and Play

*The game is currently in very early development, but I'll upload a playable release in a few days.* You'll find playable releases [here on GitHub](https://github.com/mamamakesgames/bridgeofdawn/releases/) or at [Itch.Io](https://mama-makes-games.itch.io/bridge-of-dawn).

## Features

- Exciting arcade-style gameplay featuring one- and two-player support, with two different multiplayer modes
- Easy-to-learn, hard-to-master action with shareable score/time screenshots for bragging rights
- A fun fairytale-like story drawn from the fantasy world of the [Isle of Mist](https://www.thelostweld.com)
- Animated cutscenes with voice-acting by professional voice actor [Erica Schroeder](https://www.ericaschroeder.com/)
- Available in English, Spanish, and Chinese, with full translation of subtitles and user interface
- Dynamic music that adapts to your progress and performance
- Highly scalable graphics with NVidia Real-Time Ray Tracing (RTRT) support
- Created by an all-female team led by [Kimberly Blais](https://www.instagram.com/mamamakesgames/) from [Mama Makes Games](https://www.mamamakesgames.com)
- Available for completely free to download, play, and modify however you'd like

## Technical Aspects

If you're looking for an example of how to do certain things in the Unreal Engine, this project might be helpful. Here are some of the interesting engine features or techniques this project implements:

- Procedural foliage generation
- Dynamic music
- Decision-tree based AI with hearing and seeing
- Actor-to-actor socketing (used by the Timekeepers "riding" and "holding" the fox)
- Subtitles and localization
- MP4 display within a cinematic sequence
- Local multiplayer
- Adjustable graphics quality
- Angle-based velocity adjustments (faster downhill, slower uphill)
- ...and the usual suspects like landscapes, saving game settings, HUDs, multilevel game state, etc.

## Current Progress Update (2021-09-02)

I've temporarily removed the cinematics and voice overs from the game for now, to get things ready in time for the jam. They'll be back in a new form soon! :)
